here we are ladies and gentlemen back in
madden 16 this time we retired are my
player from madden 15 now frost had had
a good run jack frost had a good run
with the Seahawks he got that Super Bowl
championship ring in the final episode
and then he retired and walked away from
lately but now it's in brand new year
madden 16 is here so what's up all you
beautiful gorgeous it's exactly people
out there with madden 16 being here that
means we have a new team to choose and
possibly a new position and a new name
even and you know what we're gonna go
with the Cleveland Browns as our team
format and 16 player franchise so let's
change their all right here and let's go
and make a player obviously we could do
an active player or we can do create a
player i'm trying to create a player
well positioned are we gonna be we could
be a balanced halfback a power back
receiving halfback um let's go with stop
bow wall because i am of course from the
midwest and we love our power running
backs here early draft pick good initial
ratings high expectations late-round
pick which is what i was in madden 15 or
undrafted think I'm gonna go with the
early draft pick all right now it's time
to create a player first off let's
change this last name of course we have
to go with frost obviously because this
is just stick with the theme here you
know frost space but the third actually
two should I go to now let's just go
with the third and then instead of Jack
Jack's retired he's no longer with us
anymore we're gonna go with Isaiah frost
the third sounds like a beastie running
back man digging it foresees a half back
when you go 30 to 38 and that looks like
we can't go lower than that Cameron all
right we're gonna go 32 and of course
from Ohio
love them guys which means we're
gonna have to go with as always the
college I came out of the ohio state
university I just want championship ring
and you didn't even know it come on Ohio
State there we are in this slower age a
little bit on to the next time we give
decide and I like in the player I like
the look of us right now let's go with
62 even though I'm actually a lot taller
than our three inches tall tonight 230
no 235 is where I'd like to be Oh see
skin tone don't really give you that my
skin tones let's just stick with this
one right here it's modify the face too
and I think I'm gonna go with this maybe
yeah like the Mike and I like the dreads
I want some dreads on my guy 10 chest
size arm side is now we need some bigger
arms throwing be jacked our definition
we need that like an eight I want him to
stand out belly size is sort of that
belly a little bit rear says we got that
but don't go dunk going on of course
capsized there's a little bit do some
big caps in their shoe size 13 now here
we go let's look at this the hair looks
kind of a little bit off mad and easy
fix your hair that looks just a weird
okay anyways I am visor it's clear none
dark let's go to smoke face marks I
paint to you can man come on is the next
gen we're next gen you can't be having
the same face marks as a last year Pat
height um I'd can't go lower than that
so we're just gonna stick with the st.
Pat height sleeves standard sleeveless
we have to show off those guns of course
back plate no arm sleeves let's go with
no it's just not go thing our sleeves
actually yeah just go put some black
arms these there and I don't think
there's anything else I want to change
nope there isn't so 77 overall 95
strength 80 of jail d90 speed that's
gonna be big accelerations pretty good
we're gonna have to raise that a little
bit though oh and give the catching to
and of course we have to
hurrying up see where's that truck stick
Trucking's of 95 loose de mis also has
to get up stiff arms pretty good and the
spin move and the Juke move i also have
to get up so we have a lot of work to do
so far and then everything down there is
I think pretty fun covers the ball no
that's for extra yards we have all these
pirate rates that we have to get up
especially the fights for extra yards
and covers the ball let's go except
choose between fantasy draft preseason
and regular so let's change the starting
point right now I want to start off with
a preseason like this was a real life
season and go through it all the way
with him so that we have the preseason
selected league settings it's going to
leak settings to and changes up a bit
instant starter yes salary cap yes all
madden yes just make that eight minutes
I might have to raise a little bit
depending on how realistic it is because
I want this to be really realistic as
far as player stats and pre-existing
injury all this stuff can be on for now
and I'm not really gonna mess with that
just yet all right guys let's jump into
the season but before we do that I want
to say let's go let's do this not Browns
fan I'm Bengals fan so this is rough
from it's hard for me but I'm gonna do
my best to bring home championship
Cleveland let's go as you loading to
your first game notice the goals
progress towards these goals we show up
on the bottom ticker and new your player
post play additionally dry goals offered
at the beginning of drives offer bonus
experience opportunities
your season starts now okay guys and the
next video we're going to be doing all
the preseason in one quick Swift video
it's gonna wrap things up for me here I
trying to get it started get the season
kicked off and then we're going to begin
probably sometime this week a lot of mad
videos are gonna be pumping out from
this channel stay frosty guys and I love
you